It was really nice of Maria to invite me in service,
but I already have plans with Sarah.
We have similar service schedules,
and we really enjoy working together.
I try to get most of my time during the week.
Anyone made plans to work together?
Though I do meet with the group sometimes on Saturday.
Sister Martin, can you...
Thanks everyone. Anyone made plans to work together?
Okay, Joanna, you can work with Sarah.
Anyone made plans to work together?
Could I work with Alicia?
Uh-huh.
Okay.
Joanna, could you two work together, please?
I'd love to, but I've just arranged to work with Sarah.
I'm so sorry.
No problem.
Maria, could you work with this sister?
While doing my Bible reading that night,
I was really affected by the words found
at 2nd Corinthians 6, 12, and 13.
You are restricted in your own tender affections.
Open your heart's wide.
It struck me that some in the congregation
missed out on a beautiful blessing
by drawing away from the Apostle Paul.
I realized I was limiting my joy as well
by not working with more in the ministry.
I was going through the motions of pioneering,
but I was stuck in the same routine.
How are you, Maria?
Good.
And you?
Let me ask you something.
Could you join me on a Bible study Saturday?
Oh, I'd love that.
That's great.
So later we'll make the arrangements, okay?
Exactly.
My student liked Maria and Isabelle so much.
I really learned a lot from them.
I started going out regularly on the weekends.
Anyone made plans to work together?
And working with different ones in the ministry.
And I learned more about Sister Martin
after one day in the ministry
than I had in years of seeing her at meetings.
Sarah and I still enjoy working together.
But I found that by working with a variety of friends,
my own joy has increased.
I'm so glad I opened my heart wide.